Preliminary tweaks for TML and TMD (#6738)
FAForever/fa: changelog/snippets/balance.6738.md

- (#6738) Various adjustments to TMLs and TMDs to improve their functionality and address balancing problems. There is still work to be done regarding these units, but the changes should increase consistency and make for more balanced gameplay.

  **Tactical Missile Launchers (TMLs)**

    - The hitboxes of all tactical missiles are increased slightly, to prevent TMDs from missing them by overshooting.
    - Seraphim and UEF TMLs fly lower.

>     - The speed of the Seraphim TML is nerfed because the difference between its speed and that of other TMLs became too large after previous changes. At longer ranges, it was able to reach its target up to (and sometimes over) 10 seconds faster than other TMLs. With these changes, it is still excellent (and the fastest), but its lower terminal speed should now serve as a legitimate balancing factor.

Reviewer: Terminal speed is a term in the code but not known by players.

Author: If you have a better alternative, I am open to changing the wording. I think terminal speed is relatively self-explanatory though. Terminal velocity would also be fitting but sounds even more technical.

Reviewer: I think you should split the nerf of the max speed and the terminal speed into two separate sentences, that will make it a bit easier to understand while reading, thus allowing us to fit in a few more words.
```suggestion
    - The max speed of the Seraphim TML is reduced because it was too fast compared to other TMLs; for example, it was able to reach its target over 10s faster at longer ranges. Additionally, the terminal speed of the missile as it nears its target is also reduced, so that it serves as a more legitimate balancing factor.

```

>     - Nerf the Seraphim ACU TML's really oppressive insta-dink potential by reducing its speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Nerf the Seraphim ACU TML's really oppressive close range combat potential by reducing its speed.

```

Author: Looks like I forgot to change this when copying over the text from the PR.
